Hello, do a review of the shower
Chinese cabins ft
crystal n 80 82 so here it is with us
back wall
which is drawn in principle on the site so
and crush not visicalc and then he himself later
Here is such a bud Seat overlapping
the valve there is well as they say Chinese
then immediately visible that is sorry
materials on everything save on the dish
fluff and out of thicker
i.e. the frame could have
thieves better make acrylic thickness here
here at the top side of me tanos and
millimeter four not so noisy fat
the Chinese have come to terms with it
Cubic dialysis I think something give
you can do with it
so that it is bolted, that is, it
already delivered in this position
will have all
adjust thoroughly overflow
drying plums we have as they say
Installed in Chinese not evenly
in the middle will have to reinstall
to glue
now why would they do it
just leave yourself inside so this
the upper part is like a lattice
rain shower nozzles we have rubber
this is a plastic rubber part there
inside diode tape
glow should i think okay from above
somalika watering usual some there
There is a switch in it .
mana lik here we have a speaker here u
we can view the fan from behind
that's what we have behind
the speaker itself is a computer fan
the fan and this is the whole system we have
so blender us brass principle
OK
these are these clamps here I do not inspire
trust that is better than them too
remake pray tighten the clamps such
system
we have a power supply unit
rollers all sorts of tap poured water with us for
shelves and awards here already pinned
foot hose
also on site
changed for a sliding disk
such a rug surface is still on
skin
pretty smooth rim a pity not
the one at the back
that is, everything is necessary here about the silicone case
put the back wall otherwise everything will be
flow for some reason did calm
bumpers and front-rear for some reason no
these nozzles we have for the back
pretty good spinning under
high angle
rubber nozzles themselves
we have a mixer handle
there is an ordinary pen that we switch
on the shower on the mixer and on the faucet radio
usually the radio button is not all accepted
the right
the whole thing is worth today we bought for
there is a little more expensive on sites and for 30 per
32 here you are the whole review
goodbye